hello my name is ivan
A. Karpenko
The theme of our video is cognition as
activity is about such
human ability as knowledge
the world around it can be called a kind
specific activity
human understanding
reflection in the consciousness of the surrounding
Really really three
man is characterized by knowledge
cognitive attitude to the world in what
it lies it is
what the person wants to know how it works
world
he wants to understand the laws which he obeys
world he wants to understand himself that is
the main purpose of knowledge is to find
self unloading world understand
how is the world governed like it
there is why there is what is it
meaning if this meaning is there at all
there is
since ancient times the most ancient times since
how mythology and philosophy originated
man tries to understand the world around
to find your place in it and understand
myself
that is, this knowledge in general
completely natural 2 activities and
in some
some sense even necessary yes and
justifying the existence of man
knowledge may be different may be
various classifications in this case
we are talking about the following types of knowledge
which we are now in brief
we list and analyze first speech
talking about everyday knowledge yes maybe
artistic knowledge
maybe scientific knowledge maybe
philosophical knowledge can be
religious knowledge well and in the end
there may be mythological knowledge in
In principle, there is no sense in Garanichev with these
types of knowledge can be further
continue
new species
on the knowledge of voicing well there is no
urgent need in principle you
will see later on in the process and
studying social studies here
kinds of knowledge are bass
some confusion at this causes
such a category as everyday knowledge
not what it means and some not even
want to agree some zabituy
agents yes not from teachers they
want to accept what kind of knowledge
There is I will explain in what matter not
there were misunderstandings everyday knowledge
this is the knowledge which are formed in
during the daily life of a person during
his daily household activities
every person lives up to in the surrounding
the world of interaction with other people
encounter does not acquire some
everyday experience this everyday experience
relationships with the outside world and
makes up the contents of the ordinary
knowledge of the world, respectively
scientific knowledge has another specificity
Yes, and other characteristics
scientific knowledge is knowledge which
based on some special
attitude to the surrounding reality
yes not on common sense not on
everyday experience
experience interacting with other people a
on some methods mechanisms ways
knowledge of the surrounding world which
basically have
rational knowledge rational
empire attitude and experience
experiment up a series of scientific method and
countries specific environmental attitudes
really form the basis
scientific knowledge examples of scientific
knowledge is knowledge
the world through physics chemistry biology
so on yes and various other sciences
There is their specificity in contrast to
routine knowledge and pressure on the method
given a certain scientific method
on some specific ways
relations of reality
so can cognition be philosophical
which focuses on knowledge
some abstract categories
knowledge can be artistic this
knowledge of the world through the works
art through creativity is a kind
emotional experience sensual
experiencing the surrounding reality
knowledge may be religious at the end
all religious knowledge but founded
on faith as you perfectly understand on
belief in some supernatural
properties of the world in his no
supernatural based belief in
creations into the existence of god and others
on from natural forces to which stand
above man and govern all such
knowledge can also be about which she
may be for example reading
tanking of sacred texts so on
still see that knowledge can be very
once it can be rational
scientific path it may be
irrational it may be
mystical way is not important in
in this case we are with you in this case
not trying to say that some way
rather we just want to say
with you that does not exist very much
various ways cognitive actions
person it shows and proves
once again what a person needs
gain knowledge one way or another in
the world around us to find answers to those
questions that you worry about like this
thank you for your attention center
online learning foxmart
Courses in all subjects preparation on
different levels the best teachers
online tutorial learning online
do foxmart
start training for free